 
 # NSCC-Final-Project 
 Ivany Campus, Dartmouth, NS, Canada, 2017
 
 # Cansolair Efficiency Monitoring Using an Arduino


Following are the people I would like to thank for their assistance and support throughout various aspects of my project throughout late 2016 and early 2017.

Faculty of NSCC:

•	Glenn Macleod
•	Steve MacCarron
•	Alain Joseph
•	James Thomson
•	Dale Jollimore


Description:
This was the final project for my two year Electrical Engineering Technology, completed in April of 2017 individually. The purpose of this project is to monitor the heat energy generated by the Cansolair solar heater. This was proposed to me as it would provide useful information about the value of the heater. The heater had been installed at the school years before and there was little information about it's specific efficiency.


Files and folders:

	Backups - Older files and code that have been replaced or are unused in the final design.
	Data - Early data from the first working prototype acquired in Feburary, 2017.
	End March Prototype - Data and code from March, 2017.
	Final Programs and Data:
		Data - Raw data from every test and prototype.
		Data1.csv - Data combined into a single file.
		rebootwatch.py - Python program to watch a button and reboot with the press.
		PrototypXXXXX - Various programs used at different stages of devellopment.
		Other.py - Various other functions used for different purposes.
	Gantt Charts - Scheduling for the project.
	Links and PDFs - A link to a resource for using my temperature sensors, and an adafruit PDF lesson.
	Milestone 1 - Temperature Acquisition.
	Milestone 2 - Heat generation calculations and research.
	Milestone 3 - PCB Fabrication.
	Pictures
	Powerpoints - Three presentations that were made and presented in the beginning, middle and end of the project design.
	Project Board - Project board used to display my completed project at the NSCC Technical Showcase in 2017.
	Final Report.docx - Please refer to this for more detailed information.
	Journal.pdf - Notes and calculations from devellopment.
	Letter of Intent.docx
	Tech Showcase.docx - Document printed for reference at the tech showcase.
	Technical Milestones Aprovval Form.docx - All thre milestones described and dated.
	
This was last updated in 2017, and to my knowledge remains in use at the Ivany CamNo future updates are planned.
	
